Enhance product details documentation with scoped contexts support (#432)
commerce-docs/microsite-commerce-storefront: src/content/docs/dropins/product-details/index.mdx

The practical application of rendering different product types is to provide a consistent user experience across different products. For example, a simple product can be rendered with a single price and quantity, while a complex product can be rendered with multiple options; their combination resulting in product variants. This flexibility allows you to showcase a wide range of products in a consistent and user-friendly manner. These product types allow you to cater to diverse customer needs, streamline operations, and enhance the shopping experience.

> All containers in the product-details drop-in support **scoped contexts**, allowing multiple independent PDP instances to run on the same page. This enables features like product comparison, related products, and quick product previews without conflicts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All containers in the product-details drop-in support **scoped contexts**, allowing multiple independent PDP instances to run on the same page and enabling features like product comparison, related products, and quick product previews without conflicts.
```
